# Project Personnel

## Principal Investigator: Dr. Stuart Chalk

<img title="Dr. Stuart Chalk" src="images/chalk.jpg" alt="Drawing" style="width: 200px;"/>

<br/>Dr. Stuart Chalk is a Professor of Chemical Informatics in the Department of Chemistry and Biochemistry at the 
University of North Florida. Although trained as an analytical chemist, Dr. Chalkâ€™s research currently focuses on the 
areas of Chemical Informatics and Chemical Data Science. His current projects deal with the machine accessibility of 
chemical data, the IUPAC Gold Book, knowledge representation in chemistry, automated extraction and annotation of 
chemical property data, digital metrology, and scientific data models.

Dr. Chalk developed the [SciData framework format](https://stuchalk.github.io/scidata/) (to be used in this project) as 
a semantic representation of scientific data, organizing both metadata and data in a single JSON-LD file.  Metadata is 
reported in two sections, methodology and system (under study) and experimental/modeled data is reported in the dataset 
section.  Importantly, both sections of metadata are open for any structure of metadata, as dictated by the research 
process, however metadata can be standardized by the development of discipline-based metadata standards, and if 
necessary enforced/validated through creation and application of JSON schema.

Dr. Chalk has expertise in the Extensible Markup Language (XML) and the related specifications XSLT/XPATH/XQuery, the 
Resource Description Framework (RDF) and the related SPARQL and SHACL specifications, JSON/JSON-LD, PHP and Python 
scripting, JavaScript/jQuery, MySQL, Bootstrap CSS, REST interfaces, API design and construction, schema design, and 
vocabulary/ontology development.

## Postdoctoral Associate: Dr. Analis Evans

<img title="Dr. Analis Evans" src="images/evans.jpg" alt="Drawing" style="width: 200px;"/>

<br/>Dr. Evans received her physics Ph.D. degree from the University of Florida. Her dissertation work focused on building a 
computationally efficient, flexible, hybrid semi-analytic black hole formation and evolution model using the 
cosmological simulation suite IllustrisTNG, enhancing its predictive power and producing a constrained seeding 
parameter space. Her model is readily adaptable to other cosmological simulations. It is purposed for making black 
hole population predictions for upcoming gravitational wave facilities such as the Laser Interferometer Space 
Antenna (LISA) and can also be compared with AGN observations from the James Webb Space Telescope (JWST).

During her time at UF, she became an associate member of the North American Nanohertz Observatory for Gravitational 
Waves (NANOGrav) and a cohort 11 member of Stanford PRISM. Additionally, she has contributed to studies on spin-orbit 
misalignments for cool stars hosting directly imaged substellar companions and for imaged JWST quasars in the 
reionization era. She received her undergraduate B.S. physics degree from the Florida International University (FIU) 
Honors College and did two undergraduate physics research programs at the University of Chicago and one at the 
University of Texas at Austin.

Additionally, Dr. Evans has experience in Python/C++, data analytics, machine learning, and YouTube content creation.
